Congratulations
city ​​duel at home continues unbeaten
First of all, thanks for the
Congratulations for you extremely satisfied
with the three points first in the
relegation battle are very important
because the league is very tight and of course
I am with the game of the guys too
Satisfied because she played soccer
namely only fought
All gates were well played out as
my great result
40 lost the same police proposal
but so clearly
hard to say so as I said I have
actually only today but a fact sheet
seen that was the polizeit one has there
had the feeling that police the
second table is not how we catch
good at trying but everything
playful and in mosques only one
hoe nor a hoe yet
smallest police complete
boxclever works almost everything
where yes with us nothing if I
think about it for 19 minutes
I have my only chance of ours
seen
So I do not want to talk about it
ever scored a goal
I always think that you get
probably better out if there
Any chance with us from us
but I did not see any today
from therefore
It was just not there
the second worthy and earning
even in the height unfortunately lost today
So it was just too little strange
that the winter break comes and what a
attitude thing because the boys
are not right in the
Battles come so the feeling
I probably listened correctly
what I have said from the game
I have to question myself if
The team never knows if
I have to say clearly how should today
not nice football you have to play
today just fight at the
it does not plank that any other way
everyone probably has his head for
himself unbelievable footballer too
and if we go to the police here
tenthteenth eleventh will be that of
go alone but it was easy
weak weak catastrophe
very critical words that means that
will be an intensive preparation for the
back round so good we have to go first
I let my break we have
now two months break starts again
so they should go home first
go ashamed of it myself and as I said
in february starts again
we are still wanting second
therefore is not bad
You can not do that at a game now
Everything because we lost films today
to have